announcements: integration with notifications #4378 (#4816)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/announcements/plugins/announcements-backend/README.md

Reviewer: Also add a bullet point [here](https://github.com/backstage/community-plugins/blob/1def230bd51d25fa1e602729f3af6cb9833eed13/workspaces/announcements/plugins/announcements-backend/README.md?plain=1#L3-L9) for notification support.

const data = await response.json();
return data;
```

### Notifications for Announcements

> Backstage’s Notification System empowers plugins and services to deliver alerts to users and is directly visible in the UI or via external channels. It supports two notification types:
> Broadcast: sent to all users.
> Entity: sent to specific users or groups (e.g., owners of an entity).

Reviewer: Thinking we should point to the notifications docs for more information to keep this specific to announcements. 

```suggestion
Backstage’s Notification System empowers plugins and services to deliver alerts to users and is directly visible in the UI or via external channels. Visit the [docs](https://backstage.io/docs/notifications/) on notifications for more information. 
```

Author: Done

The Notification plugin delivers real-time alerting, with backend/frontend components to send and display notifications - including push signals.

> To trigger alerts when a new announcement appears, you can combine these systems: send a notification via the Notifications backend whenver an announcement is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To trigger alerts when a new announcement appears, you can combine these systems: send a notification via the Notifications backend whenever an announcement is created.
```

Signals and Announcement notifications are disabled by-default (enabled: false).
It can be enabled in app-config.yaml file when required.

To enable Signals, need to use below configuration under backend:

```yaml
backend:
  signals:
    enabled: true

> ```

Reviewer: Let's keep this focused on announcements. Enabling signals for announcements [is optional](https://backstage.io/docs/notifications/#optional-add-signals).

Author: Done
